hi I'm Ryan de Valentine editor of the
lifestyle vlog everything sounds better
in French and today I'm going to show
you had a great ginger so I'm starting
with my little piece of ginger root it
originally looked like this but I cut it
off I peeled it we have another video
showing you how to do that so it's
suggest you check it out and so now I
have this lovely little piece of ginger
that I am ready to grate now I could use
this grater over here if you have one of
these at home obviously you know there's
a larger side larger holes little holes
this is like a little baby side you'd
want to use the baby side but if you
happen to have one of these in your
kitchen this is a microplane this is
what I'm gonna be using um just super
fun you could pretend like you're ninja
because who doesn't love being a kitchen
ninja I do so kitchen in just grab your
micro-planes set them down like this or
you could do like a double thing so if
you don't be a ninja and you kind of
want to be like like a knight of the the
kitchen table that's what you can do so
put put your microplane down like this
grab your ginger like this and you're
just going to grate this side and just
grate do you see the thing with a
microplane is it catches at the bottom
do you see it like it'll like kind of
hold it in there and ginger is a very
like a very wet think you know it's not
it's not very very dry so it's gonna
kind of like make this look if you use
something as small as this it will make
kind of like a little like ginger pulp
and you'll just keep going but if you
for some reason you know wanted like
long thing like strings of ginger you
know like well that's pickle ginger that
you see at the I kept the sushi but you
could use a larger one too and just
if you don't want it to get so pulpy and
you want it to be more stringy you could
do this as well it just really depends
on like what the recipe that you're
doing calls for and kind of why you need
it so if you want it nice and pulpy I'd
go the microplane route so that's how
you grate - ginger thanks for watching
make sure to subscribe and if there's
something that you want to learn how to
make send me an email at request at
Mahalo calm and don't forget to check
out our other great videos
you